until locally today I'm going
to go up to a video
overflights sea bream fishing
classic sliding fitting so at
level of the earth network you need
a man went like this
a pearl and so let's call a 30g lead
I do not know what his name is
that was running on the long and just wire
his beautiful you also need a stocking of
line
two of them g and 80 and 2 meters 50
queue that should be enough
so to start you take the body
of a the son that connect where he is so
you put the plan on it so that's it
so I have such a lot of times on his
so dives find so small
it's difficult to pass the thread
and his backstage very badly me what I
do I take my drill like that and
I drill to enlarge a little bit
so here I am already going to
time but do not hesitate to do it
know I will deal mostly loses
rights
so there you put son in the in
the lead you take the pearl the same
wanting to spin then you take named
riom so you make a simple game
you make you turn tell us done
part of a dozen tours around the
movie like that
so that should be enough and you
to loop again we are a little at peace
the rest pray or leave about 5
min but here's where the conduit is
so does lead all this so how
say the soul the period serves to block in
makes the lead for one who take themselves
in it would only touch that which is
corner and all right now we're going
pass at the end of the line so the part
hung there so are you taking your
a pestle like this you do but
I only want you as I
watch and hop do you the best
ten rounds finally seems me I say ten
turns I feel that I do not 5
I am you and so to you
but like you put a little
you know very well
you cut the extra cost of girls
would have wanted cissac denim so is
now we will make a loop
the opposite the lan are on the bench the
beds a loop infernal loop so
you have a loop formed
around vote must then do you
you all pass you cotton friend vonn
must he be a loop you
vaudois and the loop that is around
douala bout that you created at the beginning
Well, you put it in the mud
that you have around 22 years like that
that's it and it's boring it's going great
well it's very speed but me what I
am m i'm doing a second generation
will be second turn on I pass a
second time
that's it
yes a little and the circuit
there you can leave a little more
you do my job I leave a
just a little bit more so so
now that your dinh ba and effect
so you can re-read comprehensively your
coordinates between the digital loop
so that's it for sea bream
high level of taxes you put a
little bit of the squid of humor where it
walking around at all to sea
So here it all if it will make us
other videos about sea fishing
dismounting videos you will see
unleashed videos also about fishing
in the river all because I'm fishing in
river
so here is so do not hesitate if
do you like this meteor video I like
and subscribe then put
comments under the surfaces of
videos on the about certain methods of
fishing I will try to make videos
this is going